hi my name is Carolina Ramirez Hernandez
I've been a child care provider for 14
years it is our family business I really
enjoy working with kids so it's what I
do every single tooele week today's
topic is selecting choice one of the
things that parents are often very
concerned and they tell me you know how
do I know what kind of toys I should buy
for my child first thing is safety you
want to buy toys that are gonna be safe
for your child particularly the younger
your child is the more concern you have
to have toys that are too small are
definitely a choking hazard because
little infants they get toys they see it
on the first thing they do is they put
in their mouth one of the rule of thumb
that you want to consider is if you just
grab a toilet paper roll you find a toy
that you've purchased or if it comes
with multiple pieces just grab the
smallest toy if it fits in here it's too
small for a very very young child so you
want to save that toy until your child
grows up a little bit more that's one
way to be safe you don't want your child
to choke on a very small toy so just
save it for later something else I tell
parents is you want to buy toys that
really foster the imagination creativity
of your child something that they're
gonna be using more than once and every
time they use it they can do it in a
different way this can be blocks blocks
they might build a zoo one day they
might make a house another day and as
they're growing they're gonna be
building different things you can add
blankets you can add rocks you can add
hats and scarves and so many different
things that you already have at home
sometimes kids will do this on their own
they'll go into your closet they'll take
out your shoes your boots your heels
your socks and this is all ok it's a
great toy for them to use because it's
already at home it's inexpensive and
also they're gonna be able to use their
imagination they're gonna be able to
recreate the same things that they see
you doing getting dressed to go to work
getting dressed to go out somewhere
this is really an object or a toy that
will allow your child to grow to expand
their language to really use their
thoughts for abstract things so I
definitely encourage parents to use the
things that are already at home if
you've got yourself something that
arrives a refrigerator a television use
the box provide it for your children and
just let them create whatever they want
out of it they might make it into a
rocket ship or they might make it into a
home so many different things that only
their imagination is really limit and
probably the last thing I tell parents
is it doesn't have to be an expensive
toy or a toy that only one child will
use on their own you want to provide
them with opportunities to use things as
they grow and also you want to make sure
that the toy or the article your child's
gonna play with really really Foster's
their development if it's something your
child gets bored with really quickly a
thing you need something that's gonna
give them more possibility to explore to
create different things if it's a toy
that's gonna cost too much frustration
because they can't put the pieces
together or it's too small to handle
then top toys probably they're not ready
for it so these are some of the tips
that I've shared with the parents that I
also do with the kids that are in my
care and I hope they will help you as
well
you